Fix opacity modifier using CSS variables (#14916)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

- Rebase `url()` inside imported CSS files when using Vite ([#14877](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14877))
- Ensure that CSS transforms from other Vite plugins correctly work in full builds (e.g. `:deep()` in Vue) ([#14871](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14871))
- Don't unset keys like `--inset-shadow-*` when unsetting keys like `--inset-*` ([#14906](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14906))

> - Fix opacity modifier using CSS variables ([#14916](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14916))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't attempt to convert CSS variables (which should already be percentages) to percentages when used as opacity modifiers ([#14916](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14916))
```
